Temp. .7, learning steps 1000,  To be fashionable you must…
1. To be fashionable you must have some form of style trademarked by at least 5.” — Halcro, in recognition of successful’”86 Examples
2. Labels encourage ordinary people to procreate. By fostering aspiration, consumers’ adheres to societal norms and fosters self-reliance.
3. The latest clothing, software, or accessories level the playing field for the future. Consumers who have a good sense of fashion tradition will avoid those who do not.
Agile regulations and availability make most outfits possible, but regulations also provide for convenience and security. The guidance of manager service announcements, online shopping, and by telephone ensure that every aspect of your life is possible.
Be careful, regulations don’t keep you out of trouble. Happy hour and industrial meetings are easy hours for a nervous athlete.
Boost confidence by using this strategy for the long haul. It is possible to recall very old clothes and perform gymnastics on conditioner-free occasions. They will be famous for years. In the near future, they will not.
Investment considerations are also ambitous. The success of the Soviet Union depended on its medium- and long-term airtight clothing. Consumers in the 1980s and 1990s desperately needed reliable sources of reliable energy. Consumers in the past have only recently come to terms with the fact that their bodies are heavily regulated and that, for every dime a kilo of oil they make, every two gallons of alcohol they add, there is the potential for cancer. The rule of thumb is longer than ever that life in the modern European Union is too short to allow for uncertainty about the future of a concept that so infamously preaches freedom of movement for All.
It may sound restrictive, but the rule of thumb is 1 in 100,000. That is a lot of women wanting to get married or have kids in today’s, woman-centered world. The future looks even more uncertain for teenage girls who tamp down their social media feeds or for those who do not socialize online often enough to fall behind in school. For those who have been through it, the consequences of failing to meet their teenage goals can be devastating. Their chances of getting pregnant will be in grave danger. And their confidence in themselves and in their families—and in themselves for the future—could result in them deciding to get married.
For those who haven’t made it out of college and are considering seeking professional success, getting an abortion is probably the best decision you can make. That’s a surefire way to avoid having kids and instead having a great time. That said, if you are fortunate enough to have children, you should have an abortion by 2017. Your chances of having a disappointing or unsuccessful teenage year will improve dramatically. —— and that doesn’t mean you can't try to break out of your comfort zone. For example, if you have a lot of teenage children, you should be well on our wish list for a successful year.—— Antonio G. Contreras de Meledandero, @ATOcontreAurora
99. The things you never knew you had—boy, about one-tenth the energy level of those who found out you were a tomboy. 100. The things you learned growing up that kept you going.
There are certain things that you never knew you would ever love. Now you know. You’re never
100. The things you never knew you would become celebrities.
You have to admit, that’s probably a myth. At least not yet. After all, in our prime, pop stars never did appear in a film. But that never means you shouldn’t be a bit of a nosy little gal. We are meant to like little girls well enough to understand that most of our preferences come from instinct—from a little taste or a dream or both—and that some of our biggest fears are actually true.
We shouldn’t have sex until we are pretty.
We shouldn’t have casual sex until we are hot.
We shouldn’t ­bathe or wear out the ­week.
We’ll just get gentler with every dress, every routine.
We’ll get used to things that ­evangelical women us theosomorphically look.” —Cheryl Russell S., San Francisco
99. The things you never knew you were good in New York
We all knew we were not always as good as we seem. Now, with NYC’s The Ringer or GQ or Us Weekly or Entertainment Weekly? Let us know in the comments!
100. The things you never knew you were poor in New York
“We knew that New York’s most expensive collection of luxury homes were in fact not so expensive. We asked our resident nosy neighbors about their least-believable pleasures, and a whopping 95 percent


Temp .9, step 200,  To be fashionable you must…


1. To be fashionable you must have the right proportions and proportions of the outfit must have the right proportions and proportions of the woman
2. The idea of dressing with ease and with care is essential
3. To avoid embarrassment and embarrassment, the outfit should be simple and casual. The idea of dressing with ease and with care is essential. Opt for the best fit and the most comfortable shoes for the person.
5. To avoid possible cuts and stains, the outfit should have a soft sheen and a sheen that is soft and inviting. The outfit should not be made of plastic or prone to knots. The outfit should not be made of plastic, but should be light and loose-fitting. The style of dress that you want to wear should be chosen carefully.
6. The style of dress that you want to wear should be simple and elegant. The style of dress that you want to wear should be formal and elegant.
7. The shape of your outfit should be based on your body type, your age and the gender of the other party present at the event. The shape of your outfit should be based on your body type, your body type, the outfit, the, the event, and the gender of the other party present at the event are the parameters used in order to determine the style of dress that you wish to wear.
A dress is an outfit that has been chosen by the dressmaker to be in line with the general fashion sense. A dressmaker has no special skill set, and can be found either at the dressmaker's shop or in a strip joint. A dressmaker is ordinary men and women of ordinary sex. They are dressed casually and in a manner that is expected of ordinary men and women of ordinary sex. The way a dress is arranged dictates the way that it is created. The way in which it is created determines the way in which it functions as a dresser does. A dresser does not select dresses for their employees. It is an employee selection procedure and any employee who does not conforms to this procedure will not be able to take part in the pick-up and drop-off of personal deliveries to its locations. To allow for the possibility of dress-related illness and injury during pick-up and drop-off, and in-and-out-of-hand pick-up and drop-off, and pick-cashing, and to allow for the identification of garment pick-ups and deliveries to those who may be required to be present during pick-ups and deliveries, all company dressers in their personnel files are to be accompanied at all times by their personal couriers.
COURTESY OF DUTY
19. To reduce the chance that an employee may miss work due to a nervous breakdown, or for any other reason, an employee who is expected to work part or all of his or her full time, full-time, part-time or part-visa hours may not take part in company business for which he or she has a valid work authorization number (warrant number).
A person shall not be required to provide a valid work authorization number for any person to work for a bona fide company business outside of the scope of his or her official duties. A person shall not be required to issue or issue a work authorization number for any person to work for himself or for another person for compensation or profit.
20. (1) Unless otherwise directed by law, no person who is required to be present at a business meeting for the purpose of determining authorization numbers or issuing or renewing work authorization numbers shall:
(a) Use or attempt to use any method, material, or substance, or any part thereof, that would be used by any other person if he or she were authorized to perform his or her business.
(b) Use any part of, or part of the material, or part of any part of any part of any part of anything in a manner that would be considered an offense under this section.
(c) Use any part of, or part of the material, or part of any part of anything in a manner that would be considered to be a violation of this section.
(2) Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (c), no person shall:
(a) Use, in the course of any business transaction, any known or suspected violation of this chapter; or
(b) Use any business card or personal identification number in a manner that is inconsistent with this section.
(3) Any person who violates this section is guilty of a misdemeanor.
(4) This section does not apply to, and does not apply to the circuit court of a county in which the complaint is brought.
(5) This section does not affect any other provision of law.
(6) This section does not affect any other provision of any court of competent jurisdiction.
(b) Exceptions.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act,


Temp .9, step 200,1.For the perfect outfit try
1.For the perfect outfit try this top. It's made from 100% cotton and has a fitted waist.
3.If you can't stand the looks in your closet, add in a pair of loafers. These are easy to wear and look trendy.
4.If you don't have a closet full of clothes but still have a favorite item, this hat might be for you. Made from 100% cotton and fitted to a hiccup's-down-length neck, this hat is sure to wow.
5.A simple rule of thumb for hat making: If you only have 5 staples in your wardrobe, don't need more. This hat will do just that.
6.This white T-shirt from Fashionista makes a perfect addition to any outfit. Made from 100% 100% polyester and chamomile satis, this high-quality white shirt is sure to please.
7.Spending too much time in your closet can ruin your mood and can even increase stress levels. These white T-shirts are perfect for that. Made from 100% 65% polyester, these white shirts are perfect for going out of your comfort zone.
8.Carry on an amazing personal and professional break between business meetings or a date night out. This simple and versatile white T-shirt will do the trick.
9.The power of GIF tattoos lies in their ability to convey emotion without the effort. This white GIF tattoo comes in two colors, black and white. This simple and versatile white T-shirt will do the trick.
10.If you have a love of simple things and complicated things that make you want to throw away, this white T-shirt will do the trick.
11.It takes just one card, and it looks amazing on display forever.
12.It comes in two styles, black and white, and can even be ordered as an order of two.
13.If you love to look chic in white flour sacks, this white T-shirt will do the trick.
14.This classic black and white lunchbox shirt from Jeans Originals is a must-have accessory for any busy face/workout fan.
15.A simple rule of thumb for hat making: If you only have 5 staples in your closet, don't need more. This white T-shirt will do just that.
16.This white T-shirt from Jeans Originals is sure to please.
17.Lightweight and versatile, this white T-shirt from Jeans Originals is a must-have accessory for anyone who loves to look professional.
18.Stylisthing with style, this nail art bag from Jeans Originals is a must-have accessory for any professional looking to look professional.
19.A simple rule of thumb for hat making: If you only have 5 staples in your closet, don't need more. This white T-shirt from Jeans Origates will do the trick.
20.A simple rule of thumb for hat making: If you only have 5 staples in your closet, pick this white T-shirt as your face mask. It will become part of your look.
21.This classic pullover from Jeans Originals is a must-have accessory for any professional looking to look professional.
22.Layering everything in this white T-shirt from Jeans Originals is the art of the chase.
23.A simple rule of thumb for hat making: If you only have 5 staples in your closet, pick this white T-shirt as your face mask. This simple rule of thumb will do the trick.
24.Layering everything in this white T-shirt from Jeans Origades is a must-have accessory for anyone that loves to play with their look.
25.A simple rule of thumb for hat making: If you only have 5 staples in your closet, pick this white T-shirt as your face mask. This simple rule of thumb will do the trick.
26.Layering everything in this white T-shirt from Handmade to order is a must-have accessory for any professional looking to look professional.
27.A simple rule of thumb for hat making: If you only have 5 staples in your closet, pick this white T-shirt as your face mask. This simple rule of thumb will do the trick.
28.Layering everything in this white T-shirt from Jeans Origuminum is a staple found throughout this series.


1.For the perfect outfit try this simple trick: keep the hem of the skirt tucked in the back and the hem of the jacket or bottoms up. This will make the rest of the outfit look effortless and flattering.2.Or try this simple trick: keep the silhouette of the outfit tucked in the back and the hem of the jacket or bottoms up. This will make the rest of the outfit look effortless and flattering.


3.For a more informal style you can use this trick: fold the jacket in half and place it over the back of your handbag or a chair. The excess space will make it easier to see what you're wearing.3.For a more informal style you can use this trick: fold the jacket in half and place it over the back of your handbag or a chair. The excess space will make it easier to see what you're wearing.


4.For a more formal approach, fold the jacket in half and place it over your head. The shoulders and bust lines allow the shoulders to be completely tucked into the body surface.


5.For an even trickier style, fold the jacket in half and place it over your head and put the strap back on. The space in between the two is the space at the level of your handbag or chair.


6.For an even trickier style, fold the jacket in half and place it over your head and put the strap back on. The space in between the two is at its widest and widest.


7.For a casual look, fold the jacket in half and place it over your head and put the strap back on. The space in between the shoulders and the bust lines allows the space between your handbag or chair to rest slightly over your shoulder.


8.For a versatile style pick a pocket size up to your handbag's shoulder size limit.


9.For an even trickier way to wear an item, fold the jacket in half and place it over your head and put the strap back on.




Shopping for a Flatter Pants? Try These 5 Ways To Make Up For An Exaggerated Leg
Shopping for a Flatter Pants? Try These 5 New Great Pants For An Exaggerated Leg
Shopping for a Flatter Pants? Try These 15 New Great Pants For An Exaggerated Leg
Shopping for a Flatter Pants? Try These 15 New Great Pants For An Exaggerated Leg
Try these 5 simple rules for stylish pants at a glance and you can get an idea of what kind of designer you are set up for your next outfit.
6. Not sure what to wear for an event like a launch event or fashion show? Show up early and get dressed quickly!
Don't forget, this is just for events!
7. Not sure what to wear for a party or fashion show? Take a break from dressing and enjoy the chaos of the city!
You don't have to be a celebrity to be a flatter or tastier piece of clothing. If you're looking to expand your wardrobe, then this tip may help. First of all, don't underestimate the power of a basic pair of pants to give. You can add in a pair of loafers for example, or even add a pair of flared shoes for an absolutely monster outfit.
If you're a fan of pop culture references, then this tip may help too. The best example of this rule is the fashion staple, the whole-face "I'm flirty in my underwear." trend. The idea isn't to lose the punchline, but instead to get a little pop out of your jeans. If you don't have an established closet yet, buy yourself a pair of jeans that aren't too revealing. The seam allowance in particular can make your outfits appear less flimsy.
If you're looking to add an exclusive pop to your outfit, then this tip may help. The best example of this rule is the pop culture staple, the whole-face "I'm flirty in my underwear." trend. The idea isn't to lose the punchline, but instead to get a little pop out of your jeans. The seam allowance in particular can make your outfits appear less flimsy.
A great rule of thumb for fashion house rule-following is to the point where you should consider pairing it with something sexy. Although this rule is generally for pop culture references, I highly recommend pairing it with something very sexy (like a sexy bra, panties, or skirt). Looking to add some of that pop to your wardrobe can also be a good idea.
Let's face it, fashion houses love to highlight their pretty little ones, so this rule of thumb should help.
Relax, Rule of Thumb
It's never too late to learn how to relax.
Less is more with Rule of Thumb
Never underestimate the power of Rule of Thumb. The rule of thumb that every designer and pop star should know and love has always


29.Nail art is just what you need for any look great in style. This white nail art bag from Jeans Originals is the art piece for your face.
30.Layering everything in this white nail art bag is just what you need for a cool look. This white bag from Jeans Originals is your face mask. This simple rule of thumb will do the trick for the rest of the look.
31.Layering everything in this white nail art bag is just the way things are


.7 temp, 400steps, learning, learning rate 1e-3,For the perfect outfit try
1.For the perfect outfit try this trick when wearing an outfit that otherwise might not work—like a blazer, black skinny jeans, and a pair of heels.
2. Incorporate these three key pieces
If you hate complicated fashion trends or just want to pull together your look, you just need three items, according to The Ambitionista's Heidi Nazarudin. A face-flattering pair of classic sunglasses, a gorgeous everyday leather handbag and a smart pair of shoes you can easily walk in will instantly level up any outfit.
3. Try bright-colored lipstick or accessories
We get it; black and neutrals are easy and endlessly versatile. But if you're looking to test the waters with loud patterns or bright colors, Nazarudin recommends wearing them as an accessory before you invest in a clothing item. "Instead of trying on a bright citron-colored blouse, you can go for a cuff or bracelet or even a lipstick," she suggests.
5. Try a basic black/red/brown gradient
We get it; black and neutrals are easy and endlessly versatile. But if you're looking to test the waters with loud patterns or bright colors, Nazarudin recommends wearing them as an accessory before you invest in a clothing item. "Instead of trying on a bright citron-colored blouse, you can go for a cuff or bracelet or even a lipstick," she suggests.
6. Try a basic black/red/brown gradient
We get it; black and neutrals are easy and endlessly versatile. But if you're looking to test the waters with loud patterns or bright colors, Nazarudin recommends wearing them as an accessory before you invest in a clothing item. "Instead of trying on a bright citron-colored blouse, you can go for a cuff or bracelet or even a lipstick," she suggests.
7. Black Always Works
When you're confused about what to wear or what color to wear, go with black. It's a utility color that can be used freely in diverse situations and you can easily find other colors that can be combined easily with it.
We get it; black and neutrals make a bold fashion statement. But if you're looking to test the waters with loud patterns or bright colors, Nazarudin recommends wearing it as an accessory before you invest in a clothing item. "Instead of trying on a bright citron-colored blouse, you can go for a cuff or bracelet or even a lipstick," she suggests.
9. Use the Triple Combination Rule
You may find yourself in a style crisis if you base your outfit on more than three colors. The last thing anybody wants to have is a color mismatch that ruins everything about your style and dress efforts.
If your top and bottoms are in different colors, your shoes, handbag or other dress accessories should match the color of your main outfits. At least two items on your outfit should have matching colors. 
36. The Best Suit Colors
It is generally acceptable to wear dark-colored suits but some of the best colors for suits that you can have include dark charcoal and navy blue. These colors are very versatile for suits and you can wear a suit in these colors to almost any kind of occasion or event without feeling that your style is off.
It is also easy to find other dress items and accessories in colors that are either compatible or complementary with these suit colors. Consider getting a suit in any of these colors if you don’t have a suit yet or are considering adding another one to your wardrobe. 
37. Style with Colors
It’s not only ladies that can wear bright colored outfits or makeup, guys also can brighten up their looks by wearing bright colored outfit. It is generally nice to mix any bright colored dress item with a dark-colored one to create a good contrast.
For instance, you can wear an orange or light yellow sweater on a shirt with black jeans or khakis. Dress styles like this will surely bring the pop to your style.  
38. Don’t Hold Back on Socks
The fact that socks are covered by your pants and shoes does not mean that you shouldn’t invest in having some nice socks. You need to have different types of socks in your wardrobe for different dress styles.
Do you realise that the lower end (hem) of your pants are raised when you sit down and your socks are revealed in the process? Save yourself the embarrassment of having holes in your socks and get some nice socks for your dress pants and the ankle-length socks for tennis shoes and sneakers. 
39. Dress with Wrist Watches
There are different types of watches and there is also an acceptable way to wear them with your different outfits. Antonio Centeno from Real Men Real Style advises that you wear dress and business outfits with plain face watches that have black leather straps.
The rule of thumb is to go for watches that are simple and elegant when dressing for


1. To be fashionable, and S of a test of Angel of the dresses. Try every versatile.
Formal a have of the coat up of a relax and well when this.
It. Try your day. Get your shoe so dressing.
8. The look you have not have not need.
It can wear if you know a need of your bl trick. This will help a kind of your important to save a more colors, you acceptable that are a have theor bucks. Always look, so need on your mirror. Always have the style, but very well when you
It
’re handering to wear before be a right with slip and hing you are your dress,
Try this.
It will warp your over than put might know the waist blogger and stains for when woman can Men wear or keep that if you are not bright, never forget to layer it and different beautiful,
73.
29.
83 with your pro. This — There
Try this. Avoid support.
It may trying to make you can39
Try it.
sleep blue or be this. 
Try in your certain wardrobe, are your style. Ideally will start that can make you appear of just as your leather types in theamas. Spray Coordinator, the or this, the outfits. Looking. Always you can have of options when longer, in your every tallcent Tie’t make you are your outfits. Use the wardrobe, not outfits!
29.23 with put of your favorite color, not hand. This.
It
” — This successful of a bright-inch up of a hem, guys a natural your favorite them to sweat’t need an tops.’t have different outfits or light when you are a can avoid t scent.Chol Ankazawear, too you can be thrattering a sure to make this: “It’ll’t’t’t stretch in your shortened,. Don’t’t just that will17 to do to Serellll start, the woman underneath it.Stylist.
Try to lose for a hand. The do this.
1. It’re an woman.
Fylewitter.
Try for your outfit.
 GET61
If or flare, the bootact “Try it should sweat waist. Try your favorite. ““It“’t have a too have to not only’t adding pattering this, the evening silhouette, on the waist or your waist.’t have a acceptable to start. “’t fun pieces.
Try them of a get, fill your stale.
’t always have to let the leather with your rinse. The’s worth a myth, to know in your outfits. A have a closet.
It’re still’t prevent set on the illusion of more time.’t break to make on it, the need with your jacket.
Try you’t give formal don’ll have it.
It’t always have the dress,-ase and worth your printed your clothing will start, for the you’t designer to make up on three iron. If neutral--up of also iron by your wardrobe, they’ll “
It releases the big vest, run Span.’s a hem and your woman? ’t’t don’t ‘ll “ The right you’ur-cymied up at your exceptionain. A afraid you want and example.
Try out to trying in the favorite wardrobe and tments. “’t they’t iron-boostaters.
86.
Try your instant if might rub, ( “’t “’t know a structured look in the waist. “’t “’should The elongattering a freeze them of your natural underwear-size bright wash those and a summer. “59. “’t ““ “Try to try your tailor.
’t empty hoop.’re your skin. If a shopping-demand capsule in a flare on stores. The can know to “11,.
Fster the fur Director but an after-size the hem, the outfit and buy a won’t de-shirt. see of the choosesans and most wardrobe, “’t plusatile the digestiveazaOURments.’t never be stylai, you’t damage the Pearl system.
” —Styenta-shirt. Use hand Directormarks.Try to re grains. “Iedt keep the pear types for the loose, and your waist,, the paper, on a too the clothes, Angela-fitting up in the diamond cycle and the ht wear to a too you can’t iron


tEMP .7, step, 500, learning rate 3
1.Try wearing at least one accessory, whether it’s a statement necklace, a pop-color bag or a great pair of earrings (or all of the above). A solid statement piece can take an ensemble from ho-hum to a stand-out in seconds.” —Stylist, Stephania S.
6. TRY A STATEMENT SHOE
“When it comes to footwear, color, print and style packs a huge aesthetic punch—and they don’t have to be sky-high heels, either (flats can make the same statement and your feet will thank you). Even if your look is casually thrown together, adding a printed flat or a pop-of-color wedge can make things appear more intentional.” —Stylist, Jennifer M.
7. Pop on a belt
Consider belts an essential part of your outfit arsenal. Adding a textured, embellished or colorful belt is the fastest way to pull together the most basic pieces or quickly elevate a casual outfit, says Yraola.
9. Use a tape measure for online shopping
Especially when buying online, knowing your measurements can help prevent disappointing sizing mishaps. "I'm a big fan of online shopping," says Nazarudin. "But I find that sizes vary across brands and even cuts, so memorize your shoulder, bust, waist, hip and inseam measurements."
10. Try track pants or trousers
After a year of lounging in sweats, yoga pants and other soft clothes, the idea of pulling on a pair of structured pants might feel restrictive. Instead, Saladino recommends going for a trouser. Dressing up track pants with a cute jacket, blouse and pair of statement shoes can also take you from the office to out on the town.
11. Remember the rule of two
If you're stressed about pairing patterns, stick by Yraola's rule of thumb. "Two is the max amount of prints or brights to mismatch, like stripes with florals or lavenders with grays," she says. "Don't add a third."
12. String on some pearls
Toss on a pearl necklace or accessories like pearl hair clips with everything from t-shirts to work wear to give your outfit a little polish, says Saladino. Layer a string with other jewelry for a vintage-inspired grandma chic look, or to add a pop of unexpected elegance to otherwise casual attire.
13. Strut out in loafers
Loafers are a big shoe trend right now and for good reason. The menswear staple has broken out of the boardroom to add grounding to dresses and skirts, get flirty with feminine lace socks or walk on the funky side with patterned socks, says Saladino. Wear loafers with just about everything in your closet to update your old standbys.
14. One word: Blazer
A good blazer can elevate just about any look, Saladino adds. Express your personality with your choice of style. Try crushed velvet, leather, brocade or a tailored traditional version to top it off with polish.
15. Match your mask
Masks aren't going anywhere, so make yours part of your look. Go for cute prints or fabrics and match the color family to your outfit to pull it all together. Just make sure yours fits current COVID-19 face mask safety standards, of course.
Timeless staples instead of oversaturated trends
Before you rush out to buy new style essentials to add to your weekend look, work wardrobe, or date-night ensembles, you’ll want to read what these professional stylists have to say about nailing the perfect look. Their suggestions might surprise you—and land you with more compliments than ever. Read on to see which key pieces you really need, how to update and wear the looks you already own, and try new things without spending a bundle. Use this information wisely and you’ll not only understand the style secrets of women who always look put together—you’ll actually be one of those women!
Having style doesn’t have to mean dresses and heels
“Fashion doesn’t mean having to be super girly. I am a tomboy at heart, so I like to encourage women like me to experiment with menswear or more casual pieces. One tomboy trend I love is a trench coat with cute sneakers!” —Stylist, Stephania S.
6. Take your sneakers out of the gym
Running shoes aren't just for the treadmill anymore. Saladino suggests pairing eye-catching kicks with a dress or a skirt for a trendy 'fit that's also comfortable enough for running around town. We love a look that goes the distance.
7. Pop on a belt
Consider belts an essential part of your outfit arsenal. Adding a textured, embellished or colorful belt is the fastest way to pull together the most basic pieces or quickly elevate a casual
38. Don’t Hold Back on Socks