Et Ochs Debuts SS22 Collection
COURTESY OF ET OCHSWho: Et Ochs by Michelle Ochs
What: SS22 collection
Where: Available online at etochs.com
Why: Ever since launching Et Ochs, Michelle Ochs has evolved as a woman, a mother, and a designer⁠—and her latest collection for spring/summer 2022 is the perfect testament to this fact. Rooted in artful tailoring and minimalist sophistication, the fresh designs are inspired by the work of German painter Peter Zimmermann, who had a penchant for balancing sculpture with fluidity. The seductive shapes of SS22 come in sumptuous colors like buttercream, frost, dark chocolate, and dune, which contrast with fluorescent tones of neon lime and fuchsia. The smocked garments and glossy straps feature elastic detailing that replaces the need for any seamed closures. “Et Ochs is built on a foundation of impeccable fit, innovative proportions, and a newfound sense of ease,” Ochs exclusively tells ELLE.com. “My vision is to create timeless staples that blur the line between the desire to look sexy and feel comfortable.” Every piece in the collection pays homage to the female form, informed by Ochs’ own transformations of her identity.
Gentle Monster and Coperni Collab on Futuristic Sunglasses
COURTESY OF GENTLE MONSTER AND COPERNI
Who: Gentle Monster and Coperni
What: Collaborative collection of sunglasses
Where: Available online at gentlemonster.com, coperniparis.com, and at select global retailers
Why: The future may be uncertain, but thankfully, Gentle Monster and Coperni’s new collaboration can shield your eyes from whatever may come. The South Korean eyewear brand and French womenswear label partnered to create two styles of sunglasses inspired by 5G technology. 5G Bold references sci-fi cult classics like Robo-Cop, Back to the Future, and The Matrix, with aerodynamic lines and voluminous curves that look undeniably futuristic. The innovative designs come in a variation of black, white, and pink frames, with violet and brown gradient lenses. With refined lines and bold frames, these shades are ideal for fashion optimists looking to bring their style to the next level.
3
Chloé Unveils Its Revamped Store in SoHo
Who: Chloé
What: Remodeled boutique
Where: Greene Street in SoHo, New York
Why: The new transitory store design for Chloé’s SoHo store is the work of two experts in furniture procurement, English American woodworker Benjamin Gavro and French sculptor and designer Antoine Dumas. Chloé commissioned these two masterful craftsmen to give new life to their retail space for an immersive shopping experience. Furniture by renowned designers from the early European, Tropical and American Modernist movements as well as the Bauhaus school are arranged throughout the space, giving shoppers an idea of the body of work between Dumas and Gavro. Chloé’s creative director Gabriela Hearst was most proud of the way the two incorporated the brands values around sustainability into their installation. “They not only sourced and gathered reclaimed wood from New York water tanks and designed the pieces, but also made them from scratch themselves. Working with reclaimed wood can be challenging, as they have to clean up old metal nails and handle other constraints. But they did it so brilliantly,” said Hearst. Through their diligent artistic process, Dumas and Gavros showcases the Chloé code of eco-consciousness and partners it with their distinct know-how for unique interior design, now on display in Chloé’s New York home.
Marina Moscone Introduces UNIFORM
COURTESY OF MARINA MOSCONE
Who: Marina Moscone
What: New direct-to-consumer capsule collection, UNIFORM
Where: Available exclusively online at marinamoscone.com
Why: Marina Moscone’s tactful approach to design begins by literally twisting and draping fabrics by hand. The designer then creates a modern silhouette that balances the masculine and feminine, creating a wardrobe that stands in perfect equilibrium. Her new capsule collection, UNIFORM, centers on key tailored favorites like the best-selling streamlined boyfriend blazer, paired with a raw-edge seam flared trouser cut from deadstock fabric. The collection also includes a newly introduced deconstructed waterproof trench, the brand’s first-ever outerwear piece. UNIFORM is Marina Moscone’s first foray into eliminating wholesale margins to cater to a wider range of brand enthusiasts, giving access to a greater pool of customers. Offering comfort and a sense of belonging, UNIFORM is a closet essential that’s made with quality Italian materials and expert craftsmanship.
5
Rick Owens and Champion Collaborate for a Third Time
COURTESY OF RICK OWENS AND CHAMPION
Who: Rick Owens and Champion
What: Third joint capsule collection
Where: Available online at rickowens.eu, at select retailers, and in Rick Owens stores
Why: Third time’s the charm for Rick Owens and Champion. The storied fashion line and athletic label are teaming up yet again on a capsule collab. As in the past, the genderless collection will have sustainability at the forefront of its mission, this time via sweats, tees, mesh shorts, and lightweight outerwear pieces in of-the-moment earth tones, featuring a reimagined version of the iconic Champion logo. This year’s iteration also introduces new categories such as swimwear, innerwear, and socks, as well as essential accessories like athletic-inspired caps, headbands, bags—even a new balaclava. The color story told in the collections’ products reflects those found in nature, as a testament to the two brands’ dedication to creating conscious clothing. The best part? Each piece was predominately made using locally sourced materials, while all packaging will incorporate plastic-free, biodegradable materials.
Dolce & Gabbana Announces Dolce & Gabbana Beauty
COURTESY OF DOLCE & GABBANA
Who: Dolce & Gabbana
What: New direct operation beauty line
Where: Available online at dolcegabbanabeauty.com and at select retailers
Why: Dolce & Gabbana made its first foray into the beauty industry with its 1992 fragrance, simply named Dolce & Gabbana for Women. Since then, the Italian house has created over 100 fragrances (including colognes) and collaborated with some of the biggest names in perfumery. All the while, D&G has developed a list of comprehensive makeup products to accompany the most renowned cosmetic lines on the market. Now, the brand is making things official with Dolce & Gabbana Beauty, a whole new company that will be based in Milan under the leadership of president and CEO Alfonso Dolce and operating CEO Gianluca Toniolo. The venture will “interpret Dolce & Gabbana’s beauty vision: eternal, instinctive and joyful,” Toniolo says in a press release, and become a Milan hub for burgeoning talents to reflect an environment of Italian culture and tradition, offering a unique cosmetic experience for beauty lovers across the globe.
7
MOTHER Serves Up SNACKS!, a New Collection of Nostalgia-Inspired Jeans
COURTESY OF MOTHER
Who: MOTHER
What: New denim collection
Where: Available online at motherdenim.com and in stores globally
Why: For its latest denim range, MOTHER is taking inspiration from self-reliant latchkey kids of the ’80s and ’90s and their after-school snack routines. The new collection of throwback, nostalgia-inspired styles made in Los Angeles out of 100 percent cotton are reimagined for the next generation of cool kids. SNACKS! features buttons with pretzel details and candy-shaped interior rivets, designed to be worn low and loose at the hips, with cutesy names like “Fun Dip Puddle” and “Twizzy Skimp.” The nine-piece collection of jeans and jorts with pineapple leaf patches and deep pleats is meant to be styled every which way. “With SNACKS!, we were playing with proportions and bigger jeans in general,” says Tim Keating, creative director and co-founder of MOTHER. “It is more objective and about how you want to wear it.”
Maison Kitsuné Joins Forces with Olympia Le-Tan
PETER SCHLESINGER
Who: Maison Kitsuné and Olympia Le-Tan
What: Fox Day Afternoon collaborative collection
Where: Available online at maisonkitsune.com and at Maison Kitsuné boutiques and select retailers on Feb. 17
Why: Olympia Le Tan and Maison Kitsuné founders Gildas Loaëc and Masaya Kuroki go way back, and the longtime friends are paying homage to their roots with an exclusive collaboration, titled “Fox Day Afternoon.” The collection combines Parisian and NYC cool with men’s and women’s pieces that give subtle nods to city landmarks. Take, for example, an illustration of Maison Kitsuné’s trademark fox scaling the Empire State Building like King Kong. “The collection is a journey through New York, London, and Paris,” Le-Tan exclusively tells ELLE.com. “I was very inspired by the preppy style of the late ’80s and early ’90s that you see in Whit Stillman’s movies or Jay McInerney’s book Bright Lights Big City.” In the accompanying campaign, shot by Peter Schlesinger, you’ll see plenty of cardigans and pencil skirts, as well as Zabar’s mugs.
9
KENZO’s New Creative Director Nigo Drops First Limited-Edition Capsule
COURTESY OF LEDE
Who: Nigo, creative director of KENZO
What: Limited-edition capsule, Boke
Where: Available online at kenzo.com
Why: KENZO has released its first capsule of SS22 under the artistic direction of Nigo, the Japanese Renaissance man known for urban clothing creations like A Bathing Ape and Billionaire Boys Club. With the release of Boke, Nigo is introducing himself to the Paris fashion world as KENZO’s incumbent via an exclusive series of bold, energetic pieces emblazoned with graphic language. The boke, a Japanese flower that blooms in February, decorates two five-piece wardrobe sets for men and women that are genderless in nature. In his downtime, Nigo moonlights as a record producer and DJs for the Japanese hip-hop group Teriyaki Boyz. To honor the philosophy of the brand’s founder Kenzo Takada, each drop of Nigo’s collections for the season revolves around natural elements that tie the wisdom of Takada’s past with the streetwear-focused future of KENZO.
COURTESY OF SACAI
Who: Sacai and ACRONYM
What: Limited collaborative release for SS22
Where: Available at select Sacai retailers and online at sacai THE store
Why: The highly sought-after Bonding collection from Sacai and ACRONYM’s men’s SS22 and pre-spring collections has arrived, and we fully expect it to sell out fast. Japanese designer Chitose Abe honed her talents as a pattern cutter for Comme des Garçons. Her partner in the collab is Munich-based label ACRONYM, which specializes in functional apparel and often features monochromatic themes in its innovative designs. Together, the two created ACRONYM’s first water-repellent coat dress, as well as a Chesterfield coat fuses technical expertise and with Sacai’s fabrics and signature shapes. The result? Both brands wound up feeling closer than ever—dare we say bonding!
11
Nodaleto Debuts First-Ever Bridal Collection
HUGO COMTE
Who: Nodaleto
What: Debut bridal shoe collection
Where: nodaleto.love
Why: Julia Toledano’s Italian shoe brand Nodaleto is introducing its inaugural bridal collection, spurred by Toledano’s own recent engagement. Toledano’s kinship with her girlfriends mixed with her love affair of shoes culminated in a dedication to all brides and their chosen sorority. The brand’s announcement is accompanied by a dreamy campaign shot by Hugo Comte around the infamous hurried wedding ceremonies of Las Vegas. Sin City serves as a backdrop for the Nodaleto bride, the ever-stunning Stella Maxwell, who embraces her inner wild child in chic and minimal heels. Her vibe emulates pop culture icons like Madonna and Sharon Stone while romping through the chaos and camp—Elvis impersonators, slot machines, 24-hour chapels lit up in neon. A new bride’s girls’-night-out energy radiates from Nodaleto’s first step down the aisle with this romantic collection of satiny, sparkling bridal shoes.
Christian Louboutin Releases Our Angels
COURTESY OF LOUBOUTIN
Who: Christian Louboutin
What: Newly released capsule collection
Where: Available exclusively at Nordstrom, in select Christian Louboutin boutiques, and online at christianlouboutin.com
Why: Floating down from above comes a new heavenly capsule collection from Christian Louboutin. Titled Our Angels, the genderless line of shoes and accessories are made to showcase individuality beyond the parameters of expectation. To put it simply, this collection is made for people who aren’t afraid to stand out. Included are androgynous ankle length and mid-calf length lace-up platforms as well as over-the-knee boots, offered in the maison’s widest range of sizes to date (from 36 to 46). Our Angels also includes cherubic crossbody bags crafted in luxury materials, including satin and leather, with intricate floral embellishments. Grosgrain gives the collection a heavenly sheen and caters to the spectrum of genders, rendering the shoes perfect for anyone who revels in the spirit of self-expression with divine indifference to any set standard.
13
Missoni and ACBC Debut ‘90s-Inspired Sustainable Sneaker
COURTESY
Who: Missoni and ACBC
What: New capsule sneaker collection
Where: Available online at missoni.com and acbc.com and in ACBC and Missoni stores
Why: Two “Made in Italy” brands, Missoni and ACBC, are reaffirming their joint support of the sustainable footwear movement with a new capsule, Basket ’90s. ACBC (Anything Can Be Changed) is a Milanese brand oriented in designing eco-friendly fashion and sportswear. To inform their inspiration for a revival of a classic favorite, the collaborators looked to the storied past of brand founder Tai Missoni, an Olympic hurdler who is partially credited with helping ensure Italy’s global success in fashion. The Basket ’90s renew an artifact from the era when sportswear really exploded, but with a modern consciousness of climate change. Elements of the sneaker are constructed from fruit peels, recycled plastic bottles, and corn-derived materials, assuring that the unisex shoe’s circularity will create less environmental impact. The distinctive Missoni design combined with ACBC’s innovative processes take form in overlapping colorful stitches and patterns, demonstrating a respect for brand tradition and for our planet.
14
DL1961 Teams Up with Recover™ to Create Circular Denim
BELLA NEWMAN
Who: DL1961
What: DL1961 Recover™ denim collection
Where: Available online at dl1961.com
Why: As part of its ongoing path toward sustainability, premium denim label DL1961 has partnered with leading material sciences company Recover™ to create what is dubbed “the world’s first high performance circular jean.” What does that mean, exactly? The denim in the five-piece DL1961 Recover™ capsule collection is made from previously-worn clothing, woven together with eco-friendly tech fibers, and manufactured using recycled water and solar energy—all in DL1961’s best-selling silhouettes, available in sizes 23-34. To front the campaign, DL1961 tapped model, philanthropist, and, fittingly, founder of the eco-friendly lifestyle brand Tropic of C Candice Swanepoel.
15
Miu Miu and New Balance Collaborate on 574 Sneaker Launch
COURTESY OF MIU MIU
Who: Miu Miu and New Balance
What: Sneaker collaboration
Where: Exclusively on miumiu.com and at Miu Miu boutiques
Why: For its SS22 runway show, Miu Miu debuted a new sneaker collaboration with New Balance as a display of impulsive fashion design with an athletic purpose. The distinguishing feature of Miu Miu’s Basic Instincts line is an exposé of raw-cut edges that reflect the spontaneity of construction. The classic 1980s New Balance 574 is reimagined alongside Basic Instincts in white, khaki, and blue denim colorways that maintain the silhouette from the heritage sport brand’s original model while deconstructing the materials at their face value. The implication of the Miu Miu x New Balance 574 is that each brand has created a hybrid that underlines the freedom of designing without premeditation, making plans only according to the natural rise and fall of the creative process.
There are perfectly good celebrity style moments, and then there are the looks that really stick with you, the ones you try desperately to recreate at home. In 'Great Outfits in Fashion History,' Fashionista editors are revisiting their all-time favorite lewks.
Through her line Baby Phat (which is around again) and the fabulous looks she wore out on the town, Kimora Lee Simmons was a defining figure in Y2K fashion. The former runway model also wasn't afraid to show a little skin, as you can see via the lingerie-inspired LBD (emphasis on the "L") above.
She wore this look to a party in New York in September 2001 celebrating Emanuel Ungaro's 35th anniversary, where she rubbed elbows with people like Devon Aoki, Heidi Klum and Paris and Nicky Hilton. With its form-fitting, asymmetric shape and giant floral accent, the dress was very of that moment (and very Carrie Bradshaw, no?). Simmons kept it classy, accessorizing with simple strappy sandals, a sparkly black pouch and many carats of tasteful bling.
Gain confidence in your style with fashion advice for styling every look in your closet.
1. Work your capsule wardrobe. Make sure you have reliable wardrobe staples: an iconic little black dress, a pair of jeans that fit perfectly, a classic blazer, simple T-shirts and button-downs in neutral colors, and an effortless leather jacket (or denim jacket). Investing in a capsule collection of mix-and-match basics (and learning how to style them) is the key to looking put together.
2. Make sure your clothes fit perfectly. One trick to making any item of clothing look amazing is to hire a good tailor. Tailored clothing not only looks polished, but it also feels more comfortable. Pants that drag on the ground and dresses that bunch up awkwardly won't make you feel stylish. If your capsule wardrobe fits you well, you can start to play with over- and under-sized items in a way that feels fashionable, not sloppy.
3. Learn how to balance proportions. Balancing proportions is about styling your outfits to create an overall aesthetic harmony. The way you achieve this is by wearing clothes that are fitted to your body shape. When you want to play with oversized clothes or unusual shapes, make it a fashion moment by keeping the rest of the look fitted. For example, try pairing a tight crop top with wide-leg jeans, or a puff-shoulder top with straight-leg pants.
4. Find your personal style. Developing a signature style can take years, but you can get started by creating a moodboard. Remember that personal style is an experiment; you never know what amazing looks await you until you're in the dressing room. The categories "menswear" and "womenswear" shouldn't dictate how you shop. Take time to play with colors and shapes to find what looks great on your unique body.
5. Become a better shopper. Learning how to shop for exactly what you want will help you avoid filling your closet full of items you never wear. When your wardrobe consists of pieces that you love, styling an outfit will become second nature.
6. Add a belt. Adding a belt to your look is one of the easiest ways to make any outfit look more put-together. It's also a great trick for bringing balance to a look that otherwise might not work—like a long cashmere sweater and billowy midi skirt.
7. Play with color. If you're nervous about adding color to your look, start with just one colorful piece, and keep the rest of your look neutral. As you get more comfortable with colors, you'll learn which color combinations work best for your style. Take a look at a color wheel for inspiration.
8. Mix patterns and textures. The days of matching your handbag to your shoes are over. Clashing textures and prints make a bold fashion statement. Start small with neutral patterns like stripes and low-key textures like leather and knits, adding in the sequins and paisleys in small amounts (like a scarf, tie, or clutch) until you learn what works for you.
A sloppily cuffed jean. An ill-fitting blazer. A dress that shows just a little too much to be referred to as "tastefully sheer." These are the things that fashion editors and stylists can spot from a million miles away. To those in the biz, the proper proportions of a crop top may be obvious, but for those seeing the trends in a magazine or online, it can be a little trickier to know exactly how to wear everything.head, you'll find advice from celebrity stylists who have been solving fashion conundrums for years. And we've taken notes from a few of our favorite iconic style stars—Jackie O, Bianca Jagger—and made some inferences ourselves. Here, 50 fashion tips that have withstood the test of time. Looking truly sexy involves knowing what to bare-and what to keep under wraps. Otherwise, where's the mystery? "Choose one-only one-body part and show it off," advises Jen Rade, stylist to Angelina Jolie. "If it's cleavage, don't show your legs. If it's your legs, stay covered on top."
1. PLAN IT OUT
“You can’t plan for everything, but don’t let your mornings catch you off-guard. Just like you’d plan a week’s worth of meals on a Sunday if you’re trying to save time, give outfit planning a shot to make way for stress-free mornings and outfit-regret-free days.” —Stylist, Amber F.
2. SEEK OUT (STYLISH) INSPIRATION
“Find stylish women to follow—whether it’s your favorite Instagram style star or your sister’s best friend’s cousin. Discover fashionistas whose style inspires you, then use their photos as inspiration to help plan your outfits (see tip #1). Not sure where to start? Check out our Instagram and Pinterest boards for endless inspiration from our most stylish ladies.” —Stylist, Jennifer M.
3. WHEN IN DOUBT, (OVER)DRESS
“If you’re ever on the fence about what to wear, consider your destination and who you’ll see. When in doubt, err on the side of being more dressy. If you’re worried about looking too done-up, bring along a casual layer like a jean or cargo jacket to give your look that effortless chic touch.” —Stylist, Angela G.
4. STEP OUT OF YOUR COMFORT ZONE
“It never hurts to try something new. Whether that includes a bright new hue that stands out from your usual neutral palette, or shifting from skinny jeans to a boyfriend silhouette, great style is built from trying new things. Who knows what trends you might discover you love!” —Stylist, Jennifer M.
5. ALWAYS ACCESSORIZE
“Try to wear at least one accessory, whether it’s a statement necklace, a pop-color bag or a great pair of earrings (or all of the above). A solid statement piece can take an ensemble from ho-hum to a stand-out in seconds.” —Stylist, Stephania S.
6. CRAFT A CAPSULE WARDROBE
“A stylist’s not-so-secret secret weapon is a capsule wardrobe. A  closet full of items that can be mixed and matched with ease can take the guesswork out of your morning. Invest in classics that will last a lifetime, like a great pair of jeans, a simple LBD and timeless jewelry.” —Stylist, Stephania S.


7. TRY A STATEMENT SHOE
“When it comes to footwear, color, print and style packs a huge aesthetic punch—and they don’t have to be sky-high heels, either (flats can make the same statement and your feet will thank you). Even if your look is casually thrown together, adding a printed flat or a pop-of-color wedge can make things appear more intentional.” —Stylist, Jennifer M.
8. OWN AT LEAST ONE CONVERSATION PIECE
“Every once in a while, you need that pure “wow” factor. Whether it’s an amazing pair of over-the-knee boots, a vintage dress that you borrowed from your mom’s closet or an enviable handbag, keep something in your arsenal for the days you need to really show up stylish.” —Stylist, Chelsea T.
 GET TO KNOW YOUR BODY SHAPE
“The golden rule of stylish women? Fit first. With that, getting to know your body shape is key. Consider yourself a petite pear shape and prefer to highlight your shoulders? Build your closet with clothes that put the spotlight on your shape and favorite features.” —Stylist, Crista G.
10. AGE IS JUST A NUMBER
“When it comes to trying a new trend or rocking a piece that catches your eye, don’t allow that number to prevent you from trying something new. 62 and looking to rock a pair of boyfriend jeans? Try it! 22 and wanting to shift into a buttoned-up, business-first closet? Button it up!” —Stylist, Megan S.
101. Despite what it says on the tag, cashmere is best washed by hand. To dry it, use a salad spinner, which releases excess water in seconds.
100. Use white wine to remove red wine stains.
99. Wash new jeans twice before taking them to the tailor. Why? Because jeans will always shrink in length when washed.
98. To stop angora or mohair from shedding, fold the garment and place it into a zip-top bag and freeze it for at least three hours.
97. Remove odors from vintage or thrift clothing by spritzing them with a mixture of one part vodka, two parts water.
96. “Remove white deodorant marks from a garment by gently rubbing the protective foam used on hangers against the fabric.” — Jonathan Simkhai, designer
95. If you get an oil stain on your favorite handbag, coat the mark with baby powder and let it stand overnight. By morning, the stain should be gone. If a bit still remains, repeat the process until the stain is completely gone.
94. The best at-home method to keep diamonds sparkling: liquid dishwasher detergent and an old toothbrush.
93. The secret to well-fitting everyday clothes is Lycra. The formulas to look for: 95% cotton/5% Lycra spandex for T-shirts, and at least 2% Lycra for jeans to hold their shape.
92. “Always organize your clothes going light to dark from left to right in your closet. Your eye will follow the color and thus help you stay organized.” — Melanie Charlton Fascitelli, Founder, Clos-ette and Clos-ette Too.
90. Wondering about the quality of your cashmere? Gently stretch the body of the garment to see if it snaps back. A lower-quality cashmere won’t.


89. “If you don’t have time to try on jeans in the store, try the Neck Method: You can determine your size by placing the waistline of the jeans around the diameter of your neck. If the waistline of the pant comfortably meets at back of your neck, then the jeans will fit.”— Sarah Ahmed, Creative Director, DL1961 Premium Denim
88. Cut down your closet by 25% by asking yourself this one question: “If I were shopping right this second, would I buy this?” If the answer’s no, out it goes. — Melanie Charlton Fascitelli, Founder, Clos-ette and Clos-ette Too.
87. “Never put your swimwear in the washing machine, and always hand dry. The machine will damage the suit and it will lose its elasticity. The only exception: At the end of the summer or vacation, wash your swimwear in lingerie washing bags on the gentle cycle with a bit if Drift or Woolite. But only after many wears.” —Shoshanna Gruss, Designer
86. To drop bloat five days before a big event, stay away from dairy and whole grains, which can do a number on the digestive system.
85. A useful style tip: While fake designer bags are a huge don’t, fake diamond studs are a huge do. Faux stones are hard to spot to the untrained eye.
84. Dressy occasions aren’t the time to play with trends, so know your silhouette and stick to it to always look your best. Perfect example: Sofia Vergara knows she looks good in mermaid dresses, and always chooses variations of the shape on red carpets.
83. “Never put a garment on immediately after ironing, as this can actually cause new wrinkles to form. Instead, let it sit for five minutes to set the press.” — Althea Harper, Designer and Rowenta Brand Ambassador
82. The best way to de-fuzz a sweater: use a pumice stone.
81. Snap clip-on earrings onto flats for an instant evening shoe, or onto shirt collars for DIY embellishments.
80. If you get wax on a piece of clothing, layer wax paper over the hardened wax and then run an iron over it to loosen it up. Once you pull off the paper, the wax should come right out with it.
79. Pour a dash of vodka into vase water to extend the life of your flowers.
78. Spray tights with sticky (read: cheap) hairspray to avoid holes and runs.
77. To clean dirt off suede, remove the crust from a piece of bread and allow it to become stale. Gently rub dirt and stains with the edge of the stale bread, and they’ll disappear. To de-scuff suede, use an eraser or nail file.
76. Shopping for a wedding dress or another big-event outfit? Head to the store with makeup on, proper undergarments, and your hair semi-done to get a better sense of how it’ll look.
75. Double-stick tape work to shorten a hem in a pinch if you can’t get to the tailor before an event.
74. Blot, don’t rub, when you spill something on your clothes. Wiping or rubbing will actually further ingrain the stain into the weave.
73. “Panty lines are not okay! Every woman should invest in nude, seamless underwear.” — Giuliana Rancic, HSN designer and E! host
72. If you don’t feel like trying on a dress but still want to see where the hem will hit you, align the shoulder seam exactly with your shoulder bone (not your collarbone).
71. Repurpose old or thrift sweaters and blankets by using them to reupholster a throw pillow, a chair seat or cover a stool.
69. Add a 1/2 cup of distilled white vinegar to the final rinse cycle while doing laundry to maintain the wash of your favorite pair of dark jeans.
68. To stretch tight shoes, fill two freezer bags with water and place into each shoe. Let it freeze overnight. As the water freezes, it’ll gently expand your shoes.
67. Frame vintage scarves for cool original artwork.
66. Due to its high level of surfactants, Dawn dish detergent is especially successful at removing grease and oil stains from clothing. 65. “A flattering silhouette begins with the right underpinnings. Never underestimate the power of Spanx—they’re a girl’s best friend!” — Lucy Sykes Rellie, Fashion Director, Rent the Runway
64. Revamp an old coat by swapping out the buttons and having a tailor replace the lining with something eye-catching, like a pattern or a bright color.
63. When getting jeans shortened, always ask your tailor to reattach the original hem. It may cost extra, but it’s worth it.
62. If blush or bronzer breaks in your handbag, pre-moistened makeup removing wipes will clean up the loose powder flawlessly.
61. Break in stiff or too-snug shoes by slipping them on with socks and blasting your feet with a hot hairdryer.


60. Hang a shoe bag on the back of your bathroom door and use it to hold makeup, toiletries, brushes, hair ties, etc.
59. A vintage trunk not only makes a stylish coffee table, but it can also house shoes and clothing you rarely wear.
58. “To remove watermarks from leather boots, add a few drops of vinegar to a bowl of cool water and scrub the stains with a soft bristle brush until stains are no longer visible. Let dry overnight.” — Daryl Carr, Marketing Coordinator, Stetson
57. To stop squeaky shoes, remove the insole and apply Vaseline or WD-40 before replacing it.
56. To determine if pearls are real, lightly rub them over your teeth. Fake pearls will be perfectly smooth, and real ones will feel slightly gritty or textured.
55. When you’re shopping for a jacket, coat, or blazer, pay attention to the fit around the shoulders. While a tailor can tweak pretty much everything about the fit of a jacket—from tapering the waist to shortening it—they can’t change the shoulders. Make sure the seams sit perfectly at the bony tops of your shoulders.
54. Chic up a sporty puffer vest by cinching the waist with a skinny belt.
53. Unless they’re cropped or tapered, pant hems should just graze the tops of your shoes and be from 1/2-inch to 3/4-inch off the floor.
52. Always dry-clean coats before storing them, and place on cedar hangers inside cloth garment bags. This preserves the fabric and keeps moths away.
51. If you have a small closet, never keep your shoes in clunky shoeboxes. Instead, always line up them on the floor.
50. Going to a winter wedding or formal event? Try wearing a sleeveless fur vest as a top, cinching it with a skinny belt or piece of ribbon and pairing it with a floor-length skirt.
48. “Marquise ring shapes help to create the illusion of longer, more slender fingers, even on small wide hands. Pear or oval stones are also flattering.” — Carol Brodie, Fine Jewelry Designer, HSN’s Rarities: Fine Jewelry with Carol Brodie
47. Everyday bras should be replaced every three to six months, as that’s when they start to lose elasticity and support.
44. Still look chic while showing some skin: If you’re wearing a miniskirt or shorts, cover up on top. If your top is skimpy, go for full-coverage bottoms.
45. Don’t underestimate the power of a well-fitting, stylish winter coat. You can be wearing pajamas underneath and you’ll still look perfectly put together.
44. Windex restores the glossy sheen on patent leather without doing any damage.
43. Fold jeans like a pro: Lay jeans on a flat surface, fold in half from left to right. Grab the stacked jean legs and fold them in half so the hem of the jeans lines up with the waistband. Fold the jeans in half one more time.
46. Ideally, a pencil skirt should hit just at the top of your knee. Any lower and it will start to shorten your leg.
45. Pants a bit too tight? Let them air dry and stretch the waistband by hand (or with a hairdryer) while they’re still damp.
42. The power of a silk pillowcase isn’t a myth: Not only do they prevent “sleep crease,” they’re much, much gentler on your skin and hair.
41. “The best way to store fashion jewelry, including Sterling Silver, is in Ziploc bags. This helps pieces retain luster and reduces tarnishing and scratches.”—Jordann Weingartner, Founder, I Love Jewelry Auctions
40. If the garment you’re ironing has delicate buttons or detailing, cover them with the bowl of a metal spoon and press the surrounding fabric.
39. Don’t buy items you know you won’t properly care for. For example, if you know you’re never going to hand-wash that delicate cami or beaded sweater, don’t buy it.
36. V-neck sweaters and tees give the illusion of a longer torso.
35. Spritzed a bit too much perfume on yourself this morning? Use unscented, oil-based makeup remover to remove excess perfume.
34. Tend to wear certain leather shoes without socks? Always stuff them with a soft cloth when you’re done wearing them. This absorbs moisture and help the shoes keep their shape.
33. “Hoop earrings are a classic style that every woman—regardless of age—should have, but the type depends on your face. If you have a thin face, go for larger round or embellished hoops. If you have a round face an elongated hoop or drop style is best.” —Elena Kiam, Creative Director, Lia Sophia
30. Wrap an empty bottle of your favorite perfume in a handkerchief and tuck it into your underwear drawer for a subtle scent.
29. Heat can warp your glasses frames, so always keep them in a hard case and never wear them on your head on a hot day.
28. Spray shirts prone to sweat stains with lemon juice before washing. The natural acid dissolves alkaline sweat reside that could cause yellow discoloration.
27. “It’s a myth that loose styles flatter a large bust or a plus-size woman. The area just under the bust is a woman’s smallest torso measurement, so emphasizing it with a structured waistband that hits higher than your natural waist will make you look a size smaller. —BG Krishnan, President, eShakti.com
30. Wrap an empty bottle of your favorite perfume in a handkerchief and tuck it into your underwear drawer for a subtle scent.
29. Heat can warp your glasses frames, so always keep them in a hard case and never wear them on your head on a hot day.
28. Spray shirts prone to sweat stains with lemon juice before washing. The natural acid dissolves alkaline sweat reside that could cause yellow discoloration.
27. “It’s a myth that loose styles flatter a large bust or a plus-size woman. The area just under the bust is a woman’s smallest torso measurement, so emphasizing it with a structured waistband that hits higher than your natural waist will make you look a size smaller. —BG Krishnan, President, eShakti.com
20. “For guaranteed weight loss, I advise people to follow my A, B, C’s – no Alcohol, Bread or processed Carbs.”—David Kirsch, celebrity trainer and fitness guru.
19. To prevent clothing from wrinkling in a suitcase, fold everything in plastic dry cleaning bags.
18. If you can’t fit two fingers underneath your bra band comfortably, it’s probably too tight.
17. Pile on good accessories—scarves, sunglasses, hats, statement jewelry—to instantly transform even the most basic outfit.
13. A good tip when cleaning out your closet: Ask a friend whose style you admire to come over and help. She/he might offer new insight on how to wear certain items before you toss them.
12. It might sound “budget,” but a hot glue gun works amazingly well to hem skirts, pants and even jeans in a pinch.
11. Looking for uses for all the single socks you’ve amassed while doing laundry? When you’ve got aches or pains, fill a sock with dry beans or rice and pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds. Voila, an instant (and free) heating pad.
10. Wear your new real leather jacket in the rain to break it in. Water will soften up the leather and allow it to stretch and crease at specific points on your body.
9. Who has the time to hand wash bras? Machine wash them in cold water in a mesh zipper bag and drape them over a hanger to air dry.
8. Use a lemon wedge to remove excess or streaky self-tanner.
7. Track lighting is possible even for the tiniest closet: Buy a track kit, screw it into the ceiling, run the wire down the wall and plug it into the nearest outlet. Not only will you see all your clothes better, but you’ll feel like you have a more luxurious closet.
Many of us have probably spent a lot of time in our sweatpants so far this year — our outside clothes gathered dust in our closets and our fashion sense atrophied right along with our social skills. Even those of us who haven't let our bodies forget what dressing up feels like might occasionally get stymied by the sheer number of options out there, not to mention how to incorporate new pieces into your wardrobe once they make it home. Getting dressed doesn't have to be a chore. We asked Good Housekeeping's Chief Fashion Director Kristen Saladino, as well as a few other pro stylists, for their best fashion tips to help us get out of a wardrobe rut.
1. Go monochrome
Eliminate the pressure of matching hues by dressing head-to-toe in one color. It's chic for spring and might encourage you to try existing favs in a fresh, new way. Saladino especially loves gray, pink or white. If you've got a lot of denim in your stash, try the age-old "Canadian tuxedo." A denim jacket with a jean skirt will help turn your staples into a trendy look.
2. Incorporate these three key pieces
If you hate complicated fashion trends or just want to pull together your look, you just need three items, according to The Ambitionista's Heidi Nazarudin. A face-flattering pair of classic sunglasses, a gorgeous everyday leather handbag and a smart pair of shoes you can easily walk in will instantly level up any outfit.
3. Try bright-colored lipstick or accessories
We get it; black and neutrals are easy and endlessly versatile. But if you're looking to test the waters with loud patterns or bright colors, Nazarudin recommends wearing them as an accessory before you invest in a clothing item. "Instead of trying on a bright citron-colored blouse, you can go for a cuff or bracelet or even a lipstick," she suggests.
5. Try a vintage cardigan
Give those graphic tees you have in the back of your closet new life by topping with a granny cardigan. Hit the thrift store for one that looks like it knows its way around a cedar chest and pair it with cropped denim and loafers for an up-to-the-minute look that won't break the bank.
6. Take your sneakers out of the gym
Running shoes aren't just for the treadmill anymore. Saladino suggests pairing eye-catching kicks with a dress or a skirt for a trendy 'fit that's also comfortable enough for running around town. We love a look that goes the distance.
7. Pop on a belt
Consider belts an essential part of your outfit arsenal. Adding a textured, embellished or colorful belt is the fastest way to pull together the most basic pieces or quickly elevate a casual outfit, says Yraola.
9. Use a tape measure for online shopping
Especially when buying online, knowing your measurements can help prevent disappointing sizing mishaps. "I'm a big fan of online shopping," says Nazarudin. "But I find that sizes vary across brands and even cuts, so memorize your shoulder, bust, waist, hip and inseam measurements."
10. Try track pants or trousers
After a year of lounging in sweats, yoga pants and other soft clothes, the idea of pulling on a pair of structured pants might feel restrictive. Instead, Saladino recommends going for a trouser. Dressing up track pants with a cute jacket, blouse and pair of statement shoes can also take you from the office to out on the town.
11. Remember the rule of two
If you're stressed about pairing patterns, stick by Yraola's rule of thumb. "Two is the max amount of prints or brights to mismatch, like stripes with florals or lavenders with grays," she says. "Don't add a third."
12. String on some pearls
Toss on a pearl necklace or accessories like pearl hair clips with everything from t-shirts to work wear to give your outfit a little polish, says Saladino. Layer a string with other jewelry for a vintage-inspired grandma chic look, or to add a pop of unexpected elegance to otherwise casual attire.
13. Strut out in loafers
Loafers are a big shoe trend right now and for good reason. The menswear staple has broken out of the boardroom to add grounding to dresses and skirts, get flirty with feminine lace socks or walk on the funky side with patterned socks, says Saladino. Wear loafers with just about everything in your closet to update your old standbys.
14. One word: Blazer
A good blazer can elevate just about any look, Saladino adds. Express your personality with your choice of style. Try crushed velvet, leather, brocade or a tailored traditional version to top it off with polish.
15. Match your mask
Masks aren't going anywhere, so make yours part of your look. Go for cute prints or fabrics and match the color family to your outfit to pull it all together. Just make sure yours fits current COVID-19 face mask safety standards, of course.
Timeless staples instead of oversaturated trends
Before you rush out to buy new style essentials to add to your weekend look, work wardrobe, or date-night ensembles, you’ll want to read what these professional stylists have to say about nailing the perfect look. Their suggestions might surprise you—and land you with more compliments than ever. Read on to see which key pieces you really need, how to update and wear the looks you already own, and try new things without spending a bundle. Use this information wisely and you’ll not only understand the style secrets of women who always look put together—you’ll actually be one of those women!
Having style doesn’t have to mean dresses and heels
“Fashion doesn’t mean having to be super girly. I am a tomboy at heart, so I like to encourage women like me to experiment with menswear or more casual pieces. One tomboy trend I love is a trench coat with cute sneakers!” —Olivia Pierson, TipTalk fashion expert and the star of ‘Relatively Nat & Liv’
Try this: To nail the look, try a slip-on shoe that has both sneaker-like comfort and attitude. These cushy-soled LifeStride Zaza Loafers will do the trick! Find out what your favorite shoes say about your personality.
Don’t believe everything you see on Instagram
“Social media doesn’t always show the whole picture. For instance, as glamorous as I appear on social media, I wish people knew that not only am I most comfortable in sweatpants and a sweatshirt but it’s also when I feel the sexiest!” —Natalie Halcro, TipTalk fashion expert and the star of ‘Relatively Nat & Liv’
Try this: Opt for confidence-boosting athleisure that’s cute enough to wear out and comfortable enough to sleep in, like these Soma Sunday Pants.
Spending too much time choosing your outfit can ruin the rest of your day
“Not enough people have heard of decision fatigue. Decision fatigue is the result of making too many decisions during the course of the day. All of these little decisions add up and actually drain the brain of decision-making power later on. So don’t waste your brainpower in the morning trying to get dressed. Get rid of things you can’t or don’t wear regularly and simplify your wardrobe to pieces you like. Keep your clothing simple so you will have the energy to tackle life’s tougher problems.” —Dan Moyer Jr., stylist and national director of social media for Closet Factory
Try this: You should finally get rid of these articles of clothing and accessories in your closet, and then invest in core staples like this Dangela Embroidered Denim Jacket from Francesca’s. You’ll find yourself wearing it with everything from flouncy skirts to colorful pants, and even over little black dresses for a polished weekend look.
The hottest clothing item isn’t clothing
“There are so many trend pieces, online articles, news snippets, and magazine blurbs about what the next ‘it’ things are or what things you ‘should never be seen in again.’ All that is propaganda. True personal style is that which looks great to the outside world but makes the wearer feel even greater inside. If you are confident in your style, it will project beauty no matter what you’re wearing.” —Stephen V. Hernandez, a personal stylist based in New York City
Try this: These figure-flattering Liverpool Los Angeles Ripped Ankle Straight Leg Jeans look expensive, but they’re actually affordable and just as comfortable as loungewear. Here’s how to find the best jeans for your body type.
Save money by combining expensive items with sale-rack stuff
“It’s perfectly OK to mix expensive items with cheaper pieces.” —Pierson
Try this: This discounted Rosamonde shirt by Bobeau offers a twist on a core classic that can just as easily be paired with denim as it can with a work-appropriate skirt. And no one would ever guess that you paid just $17 for it! Here are more simple fashion upgrades that can make you look expensive.
Don’t be a slave to trends
“Regardless of what’s trending at the moment, try to stay true to yourself. Know what you look good in and what you like and stick to that.” —Halcro
Try this: Timeless basics like this Lulu Dharma scarf are trend-resistant and always look elegant. Don’t miss these other fashion rules you should know by the time you’re 40.
Investment pieces are actually a good deal
“Many people think they can’t afford high-end style. But you’ll get more value if you spend your money on one good investment piece that you’ll use for years, like a cool bag, instead of wasting money on multiple pieces that aren’t classic.” —Halcro
Try this: High-quality materials like genuine leather often cost more than fast-fashion pieces, but they’ll add sophistication to your wardrobe for years to come. Try this Parker Clay Layla Satchel in an eye-catching rust-brown color. Here are more classic handbags to add to your wardrobe.
Fashion rules exist for a reason
“Your personal style should suit your lifestyle, mood, and resources, but don’t feel like you have to break the rules to create a unique personal style. The classics are called ‘classic’ for good reason.” —Kylen Moran, stylist and fashion blogger
Try this: Versatile pencil skirts stand the test of time and are easily paired with blazers, sweaters, button-downs, and even tees. Try this Esteez Charlotte Pencil Skirt with slimming panels, which offer a more comfortable solution to shapewear. That said, depending on the piece, you might need another smoothing solution. Make sure you own the best shapewear for every type of outfit and you’ll be all set.
Don’t forget who’s the boss! (Hint: It’s you, the one with the wallet)
“The most important thing to remember about personal style and fashion is that you are the client. Fashion is here to work to fit you, not to make you work to fit fashion!” —Hernandez
Try this: Don’t be afraid to make an unusual silhouette, print, personal statement, or color part of your signature style. Ease into your personal expression with a fun take on the classic tee, like this affordable Desert Dreamer Raw Edge Oversize Tee. It’s fun paired with denim or loosely tucked into a smart, Boho-inspired maxi skirt. Next, check out these fashion rules you can break without guilt.
You are not too good for secondhand stores
“Whether you’re buying or selling, consignment shops can be your best friend. Sell last season’s key pieces and you’ll have a bigger budget to pick up some fun pieces for next season!” —Halcro
Try this: Not sure where to start? Online thrift stores like ThredUp offer pieces as inexpensive as $1 each, and they let you make extra cash by trading in your own wardrobe, too. Don’t miss these shopping tips for finding hidden gems at thrift stores.
Stop trying so hard
“It’s important to find the staple pieces to make up the core of your wardrobe and then build on them, using the foundations to explore fashion trends. When paired with white leather booties, key jewelry, and a fur vest, classic ripped jeans and a white T-shirt that you have owned forever becomes high fashion. This required very little effort or expense, with big results.” —Chaya Milchtein, a plus-size fashion influencer and style blogger at Mechanic Shop Femme
Try this: Elevate any little black dress, jeans with a tee, or other treasured look with these Sterling Forever silver hoops. The braided look adds a layer of expensive-looking detail, and recently back-in-demand silver makes a timeless style statement that’s easy to coordinate.
Wrap-style shirts and dresses are flattering on most body types
“If you have an hourglass body type, look for styles and fabrics that reduce bulk and showcase your waist. Tailored pieces and stretchy fabrics that hug and accentuate your frame will bring out the natural lines of your hourglass shape. Look for blended knit fabrics and slimming neckline styles such as V-necks and scoop necks. A simple wrap dress is the one go-to piece a woman with an hourglass frame should have in her closet.” —Kristina Michniak, stylist and global apparel manager for Spreadshirt
Try this: Did you know the right wardrobe can make your body look fitter and more toned? Try this White House Black Market reversible wrap dress for a slimming style that’s also effortless in its execution.
Shop Now
Skinny jeans aren’t for everyone
“If you have a pear body type, look for styles that elongate your figure to take the emphasis away from your lower body. You want to draw attention to your upper torso, and the best way to do that is by pairing dark-colored bottom pieces with lighter shades and patterns up top. Think of bold patterns and necklines that have detailing like embellishments or ruffles. You should avoid skinny jeans and instead opt for bootcut or those with a slight flare. Showing your shoulders also helps in drawing attention upwards and balancing your top half with your bottom half proportions.” —Michniak
Try this: Bootcut and flare jeans are back in style, and these Wash Lab Flare Leg Jeans will make you look like you deserve your own #outfitoftheday Instagram account. Avoid these other denim mistakes that could ruin your outfit.
Sho
Don’t have a waist? Fake one!
“If you have a boxy (or apple) body type, the goal is to create curves and elongate your silhouette. Stay away from boxy, loose-fitting shapes and monotone colors on both top and bottom. Instead, select wardrobe pieces that have a strong emphasis on the waist, and when in doubt, wear a belt to give the illusion of a natural waist. An ordinary boxy sweater, when paired with a thick belt, can add instant curves to your body.” —Michniak
Try this: Try a basic black, tan, or cognac-colored belt to give the illusion of a tapered waist. An affordable belt like this Exact Fit Women’s Belt is an easy way to play around with this idea.
Jewels make every outfit better
“If you want a designer look, you don’t have to wear all designer items. For instance, I have a great set of huge Chanel earrings. I wear them with an $18 black dress and still look like a million bucks.” —Lowe
Try this: The right accessories can elevate any crisp white shirt or little black dress. Try adding always-elegant pearl studs, like these freshwater cultured pearl earrings from the Pearl Source. They’re the expensive-seeming jewels you won’t know how you ever lived without. Speaking of that little black dress, it’s not the only staple you need. Here are the classic dresses every woman should own.
You’re not dressed without accessories
“I wish people knew how important accessories are in style. Jeans and a T-shirt are just that until you add all the fun stuff that punctuates personal style.” —Carlton Jones, a designer and celebrity stylist
Try this: Not sure where to start? Opt for pieces that inspire you, like this feminine Sunday Afternoons Vivian Hat made of high-quality felt wool. Wear it out with a cape, a blazer, denim, a sweater dress, or anything else in your wardrobe that screams chilly afternoon.
A white T-shirt is the most important piece in your closet
“My secret style weapon is a perfect classic durable white tee. It never goes out of style and you can dress it up with a blazer, black skinny jeans, and a pair of heels.” —Berger
Try this: Arguably the best part of this fashion staple? How easy it is to buy and care for. Flattering white tees can be less expensive than a Starbucks latte.
Sunglasses hide a thousand sins
“There’s a reason celebrities are never spotted without their shades. Sunglasses can be the best accessory, especially if you are having a bad day, feel extra sleepy, or have a hangover. Glasses cover everything.” —Berger
Try this: Great sunglasses never go out of style, either, and these Privé Revaux 3.0.5 shades are no exception. They’re versatile, timeless, and as practical as they are stylish. Here are another 15 affordable sunglasses that look expensive.
5. Consider Your Skin Tone 
Skin tones are not only useful for makeup and skincare alone. Pay attention to your skin tone when selecting colors for your outfit. There are specific colors that are compatible or complement certain skin tones and there are colors that do not compliment particular skin tones.
For instance, if you have a warm skin tone, colors like brown, yellow, gold, olive, and red will really look good on you and most of your outfits should be in these colors. Also, you have a cool complexion, outfits in colors like white, black, grey, silver, and blue will look amazing on you.  
6. Jackets are Game Changers
Jackets have the ability to change the way you look in your outfits completely. They can transform your dressing and make you look gorgeous even when you wear them with casual outfits.
Consider having at least three basic jackets in your wardrobe: denim jacket, leather jacket and tailored jacket or blazer. Denim and leather jackets can be used for casual and evening outings while your tailored jacket or blazers can be used for formal and business occasions or meetings. 
7. Mind What You Show
Some of the outfits are designed to reveal parts of your body but you need to be mindful about what is being revealed and how much of it you want to show off. Find out if you are going to be comfortable where you are going in your revealing outfit before deciding if that is the best outfit to wear. Consider this as a rule of thumb, wear something else if you are not sure that your revealing outfit will be acceptable where you are going. 
8. Take Advantage of Fashion Accessories 
Fashion accessories are an excellent way of complimenting your dressing. They make you look stylish and trendy without heavily accessorizing your outfit. There are several fashion accessories that you can make use of in your dressing irrespective of the kind of dress you are wearing.
11. Avoid the Morning Confusion
Picking your outfit in the morning of a busy day may not be a good idea. You are more likely to pick clothes in a hurry and put them on which may not be the best dress option for you. Try selecting your clothes and complete outfit with shoes and bag the previous night before going to bed.
You can even iron the clothes out if need be, and transfer the contents in your bag to the new bag you have picked. This will help you avoid the confusion about what to wear in the morning and the tendency to forget to carry important items you may need during the day.
12. Use Dress Combinations
Layering dresses or combining dresses with other outfit is a skill that can save you money and improve your style dramatically. This is not just useful during the cool seasons like fall and winter, you need to know how to do this all the time. You need to try combinations like wearing sneakers with denim on a t-shirt with a jacket, or denim jeans with flat shoes a crop top and a jacket.
There are countless ways to layer your dress or dress combinations that you can try. Always be on the lookout for such either on television or everywhere you go and take note of it when you see something you like so that you can try it.   22. Coat Lover? Get a Lint Roller 
You need to have a link roller in your closet if you are a coat lover. The material used in making most coats and tailored jackets may lose some fabric threads or lint. This takes the shine out of the coat material which may affect your looks when you wear a jacket or coat. This is why you need a lint roller to take out the lint on the coat before wearing it.  
23. Invest in Comfortable PJs
Nighttime is when you rest and your body gets the opportunity to recover from the stress of the day. You need to wear something good and comfortable so that you can enjoy your sleep and rest very well.
Good and comfortable pyjamas will go along away to help you relax and sleep well at night. Find good nightwear that you will be very comfortable when you wear it at night. 
24. Black Always Works
When you are confused about what to wear or what color to wear, go with black. It is a utility color that can be used freely in diverse situations and you can easily find other colors that can be combined easily with it. 
25. Want Long Legs? Try This
If you are always looking for ways to make your legs appear longer, then this trick may help. Try wearing shoes that are in the same color as your pants. For instance, if you are wearing black bottoms (pants or jeans) wear black shoes with it and preferably heels and your legs will appear to be longer than they really are. 
26. Be Creative with Outfits
Try to figure out different ways that you can wear the same outfit. This will be very helpful if you have a limited wardrobe and on a tight budget.
Consider combining an outfit with a jacket or layering it with another shirt or sweater. Try wearing the same outfit with different shoes and see how you look. You may just discover different ways to wear that same dress or outfit so that you can look different each time you wear it. 
27. Watch Your Back
Make sure you check how your back looks in the mirror before heading out the door. This is very important especially if you are wearing low waist pants or bottoms and crop tops that end just above your waist or by your waist.
Check further by bending down while backing the mirror to make sure you are not revealing anything (including your back crack and panties) when you squat, sit or bend down. 
28. Patterns and Colors
Try this trick when wearing patterns, whatever the color pattern of the outfit you want to wear, pick a complimenting solid color item (shirt, blouse, pants or skirts) that compliments that pattern and you will have some good admirable looks.
For instance, if you are wearing a red and black plaid shirt, you can pick black or red colored pants or bottoms to wear with it. If you are wearing a blue flower patterned skirt, pick a blue top to wear with it. 
29. Use the Triple Combination Rule
You may find yourself in a style crisis if you base your outfit on more than three colors. The last thing anybody wants to have is a color mismatch that ruins everything about your style and dress efforts.
If your top and bottoms are in different colors, your shoes, handbag or other dress accessories should match the color of your main outfits. At least two items on your outfit should have matching colors. 
36. The Best Suit Colors
It is generally acceptable to wear dark-colored suits but some of the best colors for suits that you can have include dark charcoal and navy blue. These colors are very versatile for suits and you can wear a suit in these colors to almost any kind of occasion or event without feeling that your style is off.
It is also easy to find other dress items and accessories in colors that are either compatible or complementary with these suit colors. Consider getting a suit in any of these colors if you don’t have a suit yet or are considering adding another one to your wardrobe. 
37. Style with Colors
It’s not only ladies that can wear bright colored outfits or makeup, guys also can brighten up their looks by wearing bright colored outfit. It is generally nice to mix any bright colored dress item with a dark-colored one to create a good contrast.
For instance, you can wear an orange or light yellow sweater on a shirt with black jeans or khakis. Dress styles like this will surely bring the pop to your style.  
38. Don’t Hold Back on Socks
The fact that socks are covered by your pants and shoes does not mean that you shouldn’t invest in having some nice socks. You need to have different types of socks in your wardrobe for different dress styles.
Do you realise that the lower end (hem) of your pants are raised when you sit down and your socks are revealed in the process? Save yourself the embarrassment of having holes in your socks and get some nice socks for your dress pants and the ankle-length socks for tennis shoes and sneakers. 
39. Dress with Wrist Watches
There are different types of watches and there is also an acceptable way to wear them with your different outfits. Antonio Centeno from Real Men Real Style advises that you wear dress and business outfits with plain face watches that have black leather straps.
The rule of thumb is to go for watches that are simple and elegant when dressing for business or work. You can wear Chrono watches or smartwatches with business casual outfits but don’t wear dress watches with sports outfits.   
45. Ideal Tie Length
The length of your necktie should never get lower than the upper border of your belt. Your tie looks awkward when it extends lower than your belt especially if you are not a tall person. Ideally, the tip of the lower end of the tie should be just above your belt buckle. 
46. Ditch the Socks
You need to put on socks when wearing dress shoes like oxfords, and when wearing boots and tennis shoes. However, you don’t necessarily need to put on socks when wearing shoes like boat shoes, loafers, moccasins, bucks, chukkas, and bluchers. You can wear short ankle-length socks if you are uncomfortable putting on shoes with your bare legs but not long dress socks. 
47. Cover Up with Cardigans and Sweaters
This trick may help when you are in a difficult situation with little or no options for nice shirts. If your shirt does not fit, wear a sweater to cover-up the awkward look. You can also use this trick if you made a mess or stained your shirt during lunch. This trick can help you cover up your mess.   
68. Leggings for Casuals
Leggings are the wardrobe staple that almost every girl has in their wardrobe. There are different types of leggings and also different ways that you can style your dressing with leggings. Many girls use them as home wear because they are very comfortable.
You can wear them with a t-shirt and slip-on shoes at home. If you are going out for an evening outing or informal event, consider wearing them with long blouses or oversized cardigans with either boots, flat shoes or sandals. Make sure you are wearing athletic leggings designed specifically for workouts if you are wearing them to hit the gym.
69. Master the Art of Layering
You need to understand how to layer your outfit to create unique beautiful styles. You will need to have either a cardigan, shirt, or jacket in your wardrobe to use this trick effectively. The more of these outfits you have the more layering options you will have available when dressing.
Layering is always a good idea when wearing an outfit with fitted bottoms like pencil pants or jeans. Also, consider layering with a nice jacket if you are wearing a sleeveless fitting gown or sleeveless top.    
70. Suits are Essential
Formal dressing is a part of fashion style for young girls and there will certainly be a need for you to dress this way (sooner or later). Consider having either pantsuit or skirt suit as part of your wardrobe. Formal dresses are easy to style and the general rule is to keep it simple and elegant. 
71. Gowns are Important too
Gowns are very important for young teenage girls because you typically wear them for formal events. You don’t need to spend too much money to have them because you can always rent gowns at a local rental store for an event.
However, there are simple, beautifully designed and inexpensive gowns that you can get for your wardrobe. You can wear them for parties, date nights, and other formal events. Consider styling your gowns with accessories like hats and nice purses. 
72. Unleash Your Creativity
The best way to utilize the many fashion tips you read about is to take that information and create something uncommon. The most important factor in dress styles and fashion styles for teenagers is to use your creativity. Use what you have in your wardrobe and create unique styles for yourself that fits your personality.
You don’t have to spend so much money to create a unique style of dressing, just get the most important items you need and see how you can blend them together to create something unique. 
Get yourself a good bag.
"Accessories are fun! While they are of course functional, they can be transformational for your outfit. A lot of designers are playing around with bag sizes—oversized, super tiny. A woman carrying a 'power' bag demands attention." —Andrew Gelwicks
Make sure you're wearing the right bra size.
COURTESY
"More than anything, it’s really important to have your bra properly fitted. That's a staple every woman should have in their closet and they should be fitted for it rather than just going to the store and guessing their size." —Paul Cavaco